# Bot Weapons and Equipment
This BLT mod for PAYDAY 2 allows you to choose the Team AIs weapons, armor and deployables via ingame menus. The armor and deployable can be anything a human player can have and will be synchronized with other players in your lobby (Deployables can only be synchronized to clients that also have the mod though). Keep in mind that those changes are purely cosmetic and it will not enable Bots to place deployables or tank more damage. In terms of weapons, this mod does 2 things: First of all it enables you to choose each Bots used weapon so they don't all spawn in with Car-4s or AKs. Secondly, it exchanges all the really low definition NPC weapon models with the first person weapon models the players use (or third person if you disabled HQ weapons in the video settings).

**NOTE:** When playing in an online lobby, the weapon selection of the Bots is restricted to the default NPC weapons and they will use the low quality models unless you're playing in a private lobby where everyone else also uses the mod. This is due to unmodded clients crashing when they join you with different weapon models for the bots enabled.

The mod also gives you a toggle option to change weapon damage of the bot weapons to be more consistent. Enabling this option will give equal damage to similar weapons, disable the damage falloff but also scale the damage to the difficulty you're playing at.

If you want to use any parts of this mod in your own project please make sure to read the license. In addition it would be nice if you notify me about it, though not required.